Fixes for Hilla launch (#1080)
vaadin/docs: articles/data-binding/vaadin-components.asciidoc

---
title: Binding Data to Input Fields
order: 100
layout: page
---

= Binding Data to Input Fields

Client <<binder#,Form binder>> supports out-of-the-box the set of form elements present in Hilla Components.

> It means that data binding, type mapping, required flag, and validation messages will work without any extra work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that data binding, type mapping, required flag, and validation messages will function without any extra work.
```
